{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red24\green24\blue24;\red220\green220\blue220;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red23\green24\blue24;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c89020\c89020\c89020;
\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c11765\c12157\c12549;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21020\viewh13020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 An Opportunistic trade is the "Aha!" moment. It\'92s a trade that has no pattern.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Example: If a CFO hasn't bought a single share of their company in four years, but suddenly drops $200,000 on stock right after a 20% price dip\'97that is opportunistic. They are "seizing the opportunity" because they likely know something the market hasn't fully realized yet.\
\
2. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 	\'95	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Logic: "Did this person buy in March 2023, March 2024, and March 2025?" If yes, ignore the March 2026 trade. It's routine. If they've never bought in March before, the "temporal filter" lets that signal through as "Opportunistic."\
\
3.Opportunistic: These are the "wildcards" who only trade when they see a specific reason. These trades generate ~82 bps (0.82%) of extra return per month.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Implementation Logic: This is your Primary Signal Source. When an opportunistic trade appears, your script should be ready to fire a buy signal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
4. High Alpha in Small Caps: This signal is strongest in smaller companies where a single "local" manager has a very clear view of the whole business.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Implementation Logic: Use a Weighting Multiplier. If your script sees a buy from a local manager in a small-cap stock, you might "multiply" the importance of that signal (e.g., treat a $5k buy as if it were a $10k buy). - "Non-Senior": These are insiders classified as "other" or "Officer" in your data, but who do not hold the titles of CEO, CFO, or President. They are the VPs of Sales, Division Managers, or Regional Directors.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
5. if a CFO buys stock, it\'92s usually because they\'92ve looked at the books and realized the market has priced the stock incorrectly.\
Maximum Conviction: This is the highest level of trust you can have in a signal.\
Implementation Logic: Maximum Signal Weight. In your script, a CFO buying should be the strongest possible "Buy" trigger.\
\
6.poorly governed firms Red Flags - \
Dual-Class Stock: Companies where the founders have "super-voting" shares (like 10 votes per share) while you have only one. This makes it harder for regular shareholders to hold management accountable.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Board Entrenchment: Look at the Board of Directors. If the same people have been on the board for 15+ years or if the CEO is also the Chairman of the Board, there are fewer "checks and balances".\
High "Control-Cash Flow Wedge": This is a technical term for when a person controls the company (e.g., 51% of votes) but only owns a small fraction of the actual economic value (e.g., 5% of shares). They have all the power but less "skin in the game" if the stock price drops.\
\
7. "regulatory environment" - \
Heavily Regulated Industries: Finance (Banks/Insurance), Utilities, Healthcare/Pharmaceuticals, and Energy. These firms have "Industry-Specific Standards".\
Lightly Regulated Industries: Tech, Software, and Retail. In these sectors, insiders often have more room to make "opportunistic" trades before a regulator takes notice.\
How to track this: In your code, you can use the sector or industry field. If the sector is "Technology," the insider might feel bolder than an insider at "JPMorgan".\
8. SEC enforcement increases - \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 October/November) to meet record-breaking targets.\
Different chairmen have different "appetites" for enforcement.\
Securities Enforcement Empirical Database (SEED) - D). If you see a week where the SEC "charges" three different companies with accounting fraud, that is a "High Enforcement" period. Opportunistic traders will likely go quiet during this time.\
\
\
9. If a Director buys stock 15 days before an earnings report, and then the stock jumps $20\\%$ after the report, that insider "realized" a high profit on that trade. The distinction: The research is looking for insiders whose trades are consistently followed by a big price spike. They are "realizing" success, meaning their timing is suspiciously perfect.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 10. add this to your Python script - \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Historical Earnings Dates: You need to know when the company reported earnings in the past.\
The "21-Day Window": You check if the insider bought in the 21 days before that date.\
The Result: You check if the stock went up significantly in the 5 days after the earnings date.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Has John Doe bought before earnings before? Yes, 3 times. Did the stock go up those times? Yes, all 3 times. Verdict: High Conviction Sniper. Execute Trade."\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
11. In your script:\
When an insider buys at a 52-week low ($70), they are acting like a normal human. They think, "It used to be $100, now it's $70, it's cheap."\
When an insider buys at a 52-week high ($150), they are fighting their own brain. They are saying, "I know it was $100 recently, but I have information that tells me this company is actually worth $400."\
\
12. logic for the script - \
Traditional View (Linear): "If 1 insider buying is good, 10 insiders buying must be 10 times better." It assumes a straight-line relationship between the number of buyers and the quality of the signal.\
\
Informed Logic (Non-Linear): The quality of the buyer and the timing of the price matter more than the quantity of shares. One "Opportunistic" CFO buying at a 52-week high is a much stronger signal than five "Routine" managers buying at a 52-week low.\
\
Expected Outcome: Improved Conviction Score. By using this logic, your script stops "counting heads" and starts "weighing conviction." You might trade less often, but your trades will be much higher quality.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 The "Informed" Solution for the Code:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 To move to the second row (52-Week High Buy), you need to change your "Buy Trigger." Instead of looking for a Falling phase in your MarketPhase enum, you should look for insiders buying when the current_price is within $5\\%$ of the 52_week_high.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
formula - Proximity Score equals Current Price devided by 52-Week High\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Score of 0.98: The stock is within $2\\%$ of its high. Result: Extreme Conviction (Follow the trade).\
Score of 0.70: The stock is $30\\%$ below its high. Result: Low Conviction (Ignore the trade, even if it's a "big" buy).\
\
summery logic for the script!!! IMPORTANT! - \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Check 52-Week High: Calculate the highest price of the last 252 trading days.\
Calculate Proximity: Is the current price $> 95\\%$ of that high?\
Insider Check: Did an insider just buy?\
Action: If both are true, this is a "High Conviction" trade.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
13. How do you know if a company is "Small-Cap" or "Underfollowed" \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Small-Cap: This refers to Market Capitalization (the total value of all shares).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Rule of Thumb: A Market Cap between $250 million and $2 billion is generally considered Small-Cap.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Underfollowed: This refers to Analyst Coverage.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Rule of Thumb: Look for stocks with fewer than 5 Wall Street analysts covering them.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}you can actually pull the number of analysts directly. Most financial APIs have a field called "numberOfAnalystOpinions." (yfinance)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Shortcut: Instead of looking for "Analyst Count," just look for "Market Cap < $\\$2$ Billion."\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If a stock is under $\\$2$ billion (Small-Cap), it almost guarantees it has fewer than 5-10 analysts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If a stock is under $\\$500$ million (Micro-Cap), it often has zero analysts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Another way to tell if a stock is underfollowed is to see how much of it is owned by "The Big Guys" (Vanguard, Blackrock, etc.).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If Institutional Ownership is $< 20\\%$, it means the "smart money" isn't there yet.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 By filtering for "Underfollowed" stocks (using the Market Cap proxy), you are effectively removing the competition. * In a stock like Nvidia, every time an insider trades, 50 analysts write a report about it within 1 hour. The price adjusts instantly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 14. Differentiate the "C": If the title contains "CFO" or "Finance," give it a 2x Multiplier.\
The Small-Cap Filter: Check the Market Cap. If it's under $2B, increase the conviction score.\
The "Underfollowed" Bonus: If the stock is obscure and the CFO buys at a 52-week high (the "Buy High" rule), that is your highest possible conviction signal.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Where do I get the salary information?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 You are right\'97scrapping every individual's contract is impossible. However, there are two main ways to get this for your algorithm:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The "Pro" API (Direct Data): You can use an API like Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) or SEC-API.io. These services have already done the heavy lifting of scrapping the "Summary Compensation Table" from SEC filings (Form DEF 14A). You can pull the baseSalary or totalCompensation in a JSON format just like you pull stock prices.\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The "Hacker" Way (SEC Filing Search): If you don't want to pay for a specialized API, you can have your script look for the company's Proxy Statement (DEF 14A). Every public company is required by law to list the top 5 highest-paid executives' salaries in a specific table.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 need to also figure out where to get salery inforamtion from for insiders. \
Can I get this through finance? Yes, but it's "messy." You can use ticker. info.get('companyOfficers'). This often returns a list of officers and their salaries. \'95 Warning: This is often incomplete or outdated. It works for big companies like Apple, but for the "Small-Cap" companies your research loves, it might be empty. \
How to implement the "Conviction Multiplier" If you can't get the exact salary for every person, you can use "Compensation Tiers" as a logic shortcut in your code. The Logic for your Script: Instead of needing the exact dollar, you can estimate based on the company's size (Market Cap). \'95 Tier 1 (Small Cap): Assume a CFO salary is roughly $300k - $500k. \'95 Tier 2 (Mid Cap): Assume a CFO salary is roughly $500k - $1M. \'95 Tier 3 (Large Cap): Assume a CFO salary is $1M+.\
\
formula logic for the script - Conviction Score equals Transaction Value devided by Estimated Annual Salary.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Score of 0.1: They bought $10\\%$ of their salary. (Routine/Optics)\
Score of 1.0: They bought $100\\%$ of their annual salary. (High Conviction)\
Score of 5.0: They bought $5$x their annual salary. (Extreme Conviction)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 15. if multiple insiders bought in the last 30 days there might be an announment on the way (dont forget to calculate this in with the rest of the vectors because calculating this alone is not enogh.)\
\
16.\cf3 \strokec3 Integrating Legislative and Congressional Alpha \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 Historical Performance Filter: Identify legislators who have been consistently profitable over a 48-month lookback window. \
\cf4 \cb5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why do this? People change. A Senator might have been a "trading genius" in 2018 but is terrible now. The rolling window ensures your "Conviction Score" is based on recent performance, not luck from 10 years ago.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Committee Alignment - try to find a csv or a json which shows the historical jobs that public figures had. for example the name of the senator, the commity he was responsible for, the dates he was the head of the commity and the sector this commity is responsible for. \
\
If a Senator on the "Health" committee buys a stock with the word "Pharma" or "Bio" in its industry description, the script flags.\
\
take a look at OpenSecrets or HouseStockWatcher. (for data retrival) \
\
find CSV files of "Congressional Committee Assignments" online.\
\
How to "Backtest" - The "Hindsight" Filter: In your backtest, you identify when a major bill was signed (e.g., The CHIPS Act).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 The Window: You look at the 30 days before that bill was publicly introduced.\
The Signal: If a "High-Alpha Legislator" (someone with a good track record) bought a semi-conductor stock in that 30-day "shadow window," your algorithm marks that as a High Conviction trade.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 The "Power Traders": You only follow the legislators who have a "Rolling Window" win rate of >60%.\
\cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb1 \strokec3 Strategic Weight -\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Committee Membership (Weight: 0.45 \'97 Most Important)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 If a politician oversees the rules for a specific industry (like Health or Energy) and then buys a stock in that same industry, the data suggests this is a much "smarter" trade than a random buy.\
\
Historical Rolling Alpha (Weight: 0.30)\
\
Some people are just better at "informed" trading than others. This identifies legislators who have consistently beaten the market over the last 48 months.\
\
Trade Size vs. Net Worth (Weight: 0.15) This is the same logic as the CFO Salary rule, but applied to politicians.\
It "normalizes" the trade. A $\\$15,000$ trade might be a tiny fraction of a multi-millionaire Senator's wealth, or it might be their entire cash savings.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Sector Concentration (Weight: 0.10)\
A politician\'92s knowledge is more valuable in sectors like Energy, Defense, and Pharma because those industries live or die based on government regulations and subsidies.\
\
17. \cf3 \strokec3 Identifying the End of Information Sequences\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Isolated Trades: An insider buys in one month, then does nothing for a long time. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 \strokec2 {\listtext	\'95	}The Logic: They have a "short-lived" tip (like an earnings beat next week). They get in, the news hits, they\'92re done.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 {\listtext	\'95	}Sequenced Trades: An insider buys in multiple consecutive months (e.g., January, February, and March).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Logic: They know something "long-lived" (like a 2-year turnaround or a massive merger negotiation). They buy slowly over time so they don't drive the price up too fast ("minimizing market impact").\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 just need to look at the Frequency of the trades in your database.\
The "Sequence" Logic for your Code:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Look at the current trade.\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Look back 60 days. Did the same person buy this stock last month too?\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If YES: This is a Sequenced Trade. The "information" is likely long-term. You should hold this stock for 6\'9612 months.\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If NO: This is an Isolated Trade. The "information" is likely short-term. You should expect a "pop" in price within 30 days, or get out.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Isolated Buys have a higher immediate return (they "pop" faster).\
Sequenced Buys have a lower immediate return but a much higher total return over a year.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 "End of the Sequence"?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 This is the most valuable signal for your sandbox.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The End of a Sequence is when an insider who has been buying every month for 4 months suddenly stops.\
\ls11\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Logic: They have finished "building their position." This usually means the "Long-Lived" news is about to be made public.\
\ls11\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Action: That "Silence" is your loudest signal to Buy Aggressively.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec4 A sequence is confirmed as ended during the second month following the final trade.\strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Timeline of a "Sequence"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Month 1-3 (Accumulation): Insider buys. Price is "masked" by small hype jumps and sideways movement. (Do not buy yet!)\
Month 4 (Silence): The insider stops buying. They are "full."\
Month 5 (Confirmation): This is the "second month following the final trade." If there are still no more buys, it confirms the sequence is over.\
Month 6+ (The Payoff): The "long-lived" news goes public. The stock price explodes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 18. \cf6 \strokec4 The Retention Signal: Form 144 Intent vs. Form 4 Action\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 A sophisticated, high-conviction signal often overlooked by quants is the "Retention Signal." Corporate insiders are required to file Form 144 as a non-binding notice of their intent to sell shares.21 By cross-referencing Form 144 filings with subsequent Form 4 filings (which report the actual execution), an algorithm can identify instances where an insider planned to sell but ultimately decided to retain their shares.21\
This decision to retain\'97effectively "not selling" after signaling the intent to do so\'97is a powerful positive indicator. Analysis shows that stocks where insiders retain shares outperform those where sales are completed by approximately 0.33 percentage points in the following month.21 This signal is especially potent when senior insiders (CEOs and board members) break from a "routine" selling schedule to retain shares, resulting in a next-month return jump of 0.50 percentage points.21 This "missing" action reveals a sudden shift in insider sentiment that is often more informative than a standard purchase.\cb7 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
in short - try to scrap not only sales, try to find patterns in the sales and then look for form 144 and then a failer of execution of this sell. basecly means that the insider had a schadualed sell already but they had decided to scipt it. 10b5-1 plans.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 To automate this, your script needs:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Form 144 Scraper: You need a feed of "Intent to Sell" notices.\
\ls12\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The 90-Day Clock: A Form 144 is usually valid for 90 days.\
\ls12\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Matcher: Your script must look for a corresponding Form 4 within those 90 days.\
\ls12\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The "Retention" Trigger: If the 90 days pass and no Form 4 appeared (or the amount sold was much smaller than the amount intended), you trigger a "High Conviction Buy" alert.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\cb1 19. \cf3 \strokec3 Price Action Filters: The Insider Floor and Reclamation Rule\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec4 If a CFO buys at $50 and the stock drops to $40, the market is currently rejecting the insider's thesis. By waiting for the stock to rally back through $50, the algorithm confirms that the "Insider Floor" is holding\
\
20. The Blackout Window and fast filers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Find the Earnings Date. \
Check the Transaction Date. \
if (transaction_date == earnings_date + 2 days): \uc0\u8594  This is a "Day 1" Buyer.\
The Signal: A "Day 1" buyer has been sitting on their hands for weeks, watching the stock, and probably seeing the same internal "Reality" the CFO sees. The moment the "blackout" door opens, they sprint through it to buy. This is a massive conviction signal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 a fast filer gives a stronger conviction rate for the stock. \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 The Fast Filer (Confident): An insider who files within 24 hours is essentially saying: "I don't care who knows I'm buying, because I'm so confident in the long-term value that I want the market to see my conviction right now".\cb5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 Next-Day Filing (1.25x)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Insiders have a legal 2-day deadline. Someone who files within 24 hours is signaling Urgency.\
\
Window Day 1-2 Purchase (1.50x)\
This is Pent-up Demand. If a CFO buys the second they are legally allowed to, they\'92ve likely been watching a "gap" between the company's internal success and the public stock price for weeks. They are "sprinting" to get shares before the market catches up.\
\
Post-Earnings Buy: After a "Drop" (1.30x)\
The company reports earnings, the market hates it, and the stock price crashes. Then, the insider buys. The insider is effectively saying, "The market is overreacting to bad news; the long-term health of this company is actually fine." It\'92s a "Buy the Dip" move.\
\
Post-Earnings Buy: After a "Rise" (1.75x \'97 The Golden Signal)\
The stock just jumped 10% on good earnings , and the insider still buys more at the higher price.\
\
\
21. \cf3 \strokec3 Informed Trading Intensity\
\cf0 \strokec2 In sectors like Healthcare (FDA trials) or Tech (new patent or Apple contract), the "big news" is binary: either it's 100% good or 100% bad.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Insider Trading Conviction Cheatsheet\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 a. Core Definitions\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Trading Structure (The "Habit")\
\
\'95 Isolated Trade: A single Form 4 filing with no other purchases by that specific insider in the previous 90 days.\
\
\'95 Sequenced Trade: Multiple Form 4 filings by the same insider in consecutive months (e.g., buying in Jan, Feb, and March).\
\
Informed Trading Intensity (The "Footprint")\
\
\'95 High ITI: "Impatient" trading. The buy is so large or urgent it disrupts the market.\
\
\'95 Low ITI: "Quiet" trading. The buy is absorbed by the market without significant price or volume changes.\
\
---\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 b. The Calculation Logic\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 How to detect a Sequence\
\
\'95 Query: Count unique trade months for `Insider_ID` in the last 90 days.\
\
\'95 Logic: `if count >= 2` -> SEQUENCE.\
\
How to detect High ITI\
\
Check for these 3 "Anomaly" triggers on the day of the trade:\
\
- Volume: `Day_Volume > (20_Day_Avg_Volume * 2)`\
\
- Idiosyncratic Move: `Stock_Return % - S&P500_Return % > 2%`\
\
- Price Impact: `Filing_Price > (Transaction_Price * 1.01)` (The "Pop")\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 c. Conviction Ranking (The "Master Grid")\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
| Combination | Conviction Score | Strategic Meaning | Action | | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | | Sequence + High ITI | 10/10 (OMEGA) | The "Sprint." Long-term conviction meets an immediate catalyst. | Max Bet / High Urgency | | Sequence + Low ITI | 8/10 (STRONG) | "Smart Money" is quietly loading up on long-term value. | Steady Entry / Long Hold | | Isolated + High ITI | 7/10 (EVENT) | "Front-running." Someone knows a specific secret coming in days. | Swing Trade / Quick Pop | | Isolated + Low ITI | 0/10 (NOISE) | Routine, administrative, or "optics" trade. | IGNORE / DO NOT BUY |\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 d. Summary Formulas\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \'95 Urgency = High ITI (Something is happening now)\
\
\'95 Conviction = Sequence (They really believe it)\
\
\'95 Information = Sequence + ITI (The gold mine is found)\
\
need to encorprate this with the rise and fall trends with the mid rises and falls and also make sure that we are buying after the stock reached the price or the last insider purches.\
\
here is a summery test on how i see this document - \
\
ok. so if want to tie everything together. lets start with what i currently have and then we will add data that i need to scrap, like quarterly reports and congress inforamtion, information about doual class stocks, board members sitting for years, board entrechment,Underfollowed stocks,individual's contract,Form 144. \
\
buy order is always 1000 dollars. \
\
selling orders - \
\
isolated event/high ITI - if the insider purches was an isolated event, see if we are at a 52 week high, make sure we are not in down event. when it is over wait for the stock to reach the price of the stock when the insider bought, and place a tight ATR, double the size of the avarage mid fall and this is the sell order. \
\
sequance event/low ITI - if the insider purchesed multiple times over the last 60 days, place a buy order when the price of the stock is back to when the insider bought (make sure that the last buy was at a 52 week high and set the ATR floor to be 3 times the avarage mid fall. \
\
sequance event + high ITI - set the sell order to be 4 times the avarage mid fall.  \
if a cfo purchesed during a down hill (according to the csv/json) wait for the down event to end + wait untill the stock reach the price of the stock when the cfo purchesed (the market aggrees) buy with 2000 dollars. if the insider is classofied as "other"/"Officer" and the and it is a small cap company (Small-Cap: This refers to Market Capitalization (the total value of all shares).\
The Rule of Thumb: A Market Cap between $250 million and $2 billion is generally considered Small-Cap.). if the stock is in  Finance (Banks/Insurance), Utilities, Healthcare/Pharmaceuticals, and Energy drop the buy in price to 1500 (highly regulated indestry)\
\
\
if an insider made a purchese but we see that purchesed made in the same month two years pruyer. ignore the insider buy. \
\
if the insider trade was on October/November - ignore it. (SEC peak inforcment period.)\
\
only buy the stock if the insider trade was preformed during a 52 week high (stock price)\
\
formula - Proximity Score equals Current Price devided by 52-Week High\
\
Score of 0.98: The stock is within $2\\%$ of its high. Result: Extreme Conviction (Follow the trade).\
Score of 0.70: The stock is $30\\%$ below its high. Result: Low Conviction (Ignore the trade, even if it's a "big" buy).\
\
a sequance is when an insider between 1-3 months, then if in month 4 they didnt stopped buying wait and buy on month 5 (even though i am strongly thinking that this rule might be too harsh and might cause us to loose a ton of trades). also posible to use - \
\
Query: Count unique trade months for `Insider_ID` in the last 90 days.\
\
\'95 Logic: `if count >= 2` -> SEQUENCE.\
\
if the 5th month logic is too strict \
\
i also think that even this - \
\
Price Action Filters: The Insider Floor and Reclamation Rule\
If a CFO buys at $50 and the stock drops to $40, the market is currently rejecting the insider's thesis. By waiting for the stock to rally back through $50, the algorithm confirms that the "Insider Floor" is holding\
\
can cause us to loose a lot of trades but lets stick with it for now. \
\
what do you think? do we have enoght vectors to calculate with to at least get me a bit more then 2% ROI or i just haveee to get all the other verctors to start testing?\
\
\
\
}